Ubuntu Jarsigner location hint (#3271)
godotengine/godot-docs: getting_started/workflow/export/exporting_for_android.rst

  - It can usually be found at ``%LOCALAPPDATA%\Android\Sdk\platform-tools\adb.exe``.

- The ``jarsigner`` executable (from JDK 6 or 8)

>   - On Windows, OpenJDK installs to a dir like ``%PROGRAMFILES%\ojdkbuild\java-1.8.0-openjdk-1.8.0.232-2\bin``. On Ubuntu, it installs to a dir like ``/urs/bin/jarsigner``. The exact path may vary depending on the OpenJDK update you've installed and your machine's Operating System.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - On Windows, OpenJDK installs to a dir like ``%PROGRAMFILES%\ojdkbuild\java-1.8.0-openjdk-1.8.0.232-2\bin``. On Linux, it typically installs to a dir like ``/usr/bin/jarsigner``. The exact path may vary depending on the OpenJDK update you've installed and your machine's operating system.
```

Author: I agree with the changes. I had thought about that but I didn't have the info to support the claim, since the only Linux distro I've used until now is Ubuntu.
